if I can stay to sleep a place
worthy clean with a good bed a
good shower for forty euros instead of
per hundred since the sixty that I have left
he paid me a good tribute dinner or
savings simply has not been is not
a hotel chain that emerged in 2004
in Barcelona that seeks to offer
market a hotel concept in which
you take away everything superfluous and all that
you remove it also from the price that
pay the usual customer is a moment
sweet for the chain in which finally
We have found enough size with
10 hotels with a minimum structure and
good therefore generating good profitability
to shareholders enough cash and
profit now they are billing us
about seven million euros in the
last line then earning some money
if karma is a very scalable model
then right now the openings this
year we have three openings three hotels
new that means having increased 40%
of the size of the chain and I think that
we can continue to grow at a rate of
40 percent a year
that means opening four hotels
new next year
and working hard to find good
good contracts and good locations
final that are profitable openings
we have urban in madrid we have other
34 buildings right now that could
become next year on TV
Sidorme had before a hostel in this
location the hostel left in november
of 2013 at the time the
contract in July 2013 starts at
prepare all projects for
application for licenses a
basic project that later becomes
in a project of execution to license
at the moment we have the license and
that they have delivered us to the hostel
we started with all the works of
demolition when we signed this contract
we had thought about an investment around
to about 112 million euros the reality
is that we are going to go to 16 or so
fruit of the sorry state in which
there was the building and nobody knew
the profitability depends on the
future of the degree of acceptance that
on the part of our clients but for
this location in particular
expect a return of around 10%
It could be more than reasonable
the minimum we would be around thirty
euros in which we have in valence in
next to the airport in father and the
maximum I understand that it should be
here in fuencarral and well then to
beginning the idea of ​​starting prices
it would be around 55 or 60
euros --iva included-- but it depends
much of the supply and demand of the
offer of hotels that we have
around as they are already offering the
room and the demand that gives the
zone at the moment there is an event
important and all the hotels are filled
for the prices go up
it's more competition than it's another kind of
competition and that in the end
It is also true that this type of offer
generates another type of demand are not two
models that can coexist
perfectly
Y